---
locations: null
date: 2024-02-13T00:00:00.000Z
layout: layout.webc
title: Session 06 (2024-02-13)
campaignSlug: eberron
campaignTitle: Eberron
tags:
  - session-notes
---
# Session 06 (2024-02-13)

*I missed this session, the below notes are from Shil.*

In the morning, Vidi asked the druids for a copper brazier. Phrota said yes then pointed her to one near the altar. Vidi said that she was making a new pet as she ran off gleefully. She used it to Find Familiar to call up a Raven with a tiny hat. Phrota turned to Forgettable while he was in meditation. She asked about his dead nature. Forgettable stated that it wasn't a curse in the traditional sense. Phrota said that she'd be around if he wanted to talk more about it. Forgettable mentioned that he died within the Mournlands. Phrota told him that it was a great nation about 2 and half years ago. He explained that he doesn't serve a god but the idea of Death. 

Shagaby woke up and spoke with Olan. He asked if the Druids would be okay with all the aberration stuff going on. Olan said that he didn't know for sure. He felt that the woods offered protection in the same way that they could be dangerous to strangers. Shagaby said he was coming to terms with putting himself in danger. He told Olan that he had to continue to do so because of a promise, but needed to learn how to accept it. Olan explained that bravery is doing something even if you're scared. Shagaby asked about the amulet the Druids mentioned last night. Olan said that the gates had been closed to the Daelkyr for thousands of years. Afterwards, Shagaby said that they were hungry.
The group exited the cellar. Thea was concerned that the party had turned into harpies. Everyone assured her things were fine. The party grabbed a few things to eat from the storehouse. They sat around the fire in the middle of the village and had food. The Druids told the group that one of the previous adventurers had a stomach ache and stayed behind. Unfortunately, they died. Shagaby asked if any of them previous adventurers had a Dragonmark. Olan stated that then Elven woman had a mark behind her ear. The Druids said that the rest group had gone towards the Tomb of Heroes. Olan mentioned that there was a dagger that the group was after. The Druids offered the party a Brewer's Kit, Cooking Utensils, and the Staff of Flowers that Vidi already had. The group bid farewell to the Druids as they left the village.

They party had a difficult time staying on the trail leading towards the Tomb of Heroes. Instead of an 8 hour journey it had became 12 hours. They did not run into anything dangerous along the way. Forgettable had spotted boot tracks on the ground nearby. He could smell something burning and heard running water in the distance. Eventually, the party stumbled across several tents with a bonfire in the center. A few palisades were set up around. A goblin watched from a tower. Forgettable waved to the goblin as Bumbo saluted.
The goblin was wearing a leather cloak with footwraps and had green skin. The group could clearly see that the goblin had a third eye in the middle of his head. He introduced himself as Briblebrible. Briblebrible invited the group in to stay with them for the night. He warned the party about owlbears that had been nearby. He offered his third eye to the party. Bumbo stretched out his hand. Brible placed the third eye onto Bumbo's hand. The eye crawled around to the back of his hand then dug itself in. He felt his perception increase slightly, though he couldn't see out of the eye individually. Bumbo felt a presence tell him that more would come in due time. Shagaby told the goblin that the Druids were attacked. He explained that only Olan and Phrota had survived. Larry the goblin had a third arm. They invited the party in for mead and jerky.
The group decided to join the goblins for dinner for the night. The party told the goblins that they were looking for their coworkers from the Wayfinder's Foundation. The goblins asked about the party. Forgettable explained that he had died and couldn't remember anything from before he died. The goblins explained that the Tomb of Heroes was always dark. Thea asked for a torch. Briblebrible passed a pair of torches to Thea. Shagaby asked about any trinkets or things they had. The goblins were beads and jewelry. There was a crate filled with other objects as well. Brible pulled out a wad of parchment covered in mud. He handed it over to Shagaby. It was a manuscript for "The Flumph King of Breland, A Play in Five Parts" written by Larry. Larry told the group about an absurdly large quill made from a Dragonhawk Tailfeather. The tip was always filled with ink. He also showed the group a rainbow silken scarf that was kissed by Queen Wrella. Thea traded a pair of the Druid's green clothes for the scarf and owlbear repellent. Shagaby traded a large hunting trap for the quill. Forgettable showed the goblins his collaspible 10 foot pole. Brible pulled out a large strawberry about the size of an orange. Flames danced inside the large fruit that cast dim light up to 15 feet. Forgettable traded his pole for the carved glass berry light.
Shagaby told Thea about all the mutations on the goblins that he noticed. Thea talked about not wanting any of the mutations. Shagaby thought it would be interesting to have a tiny arm like Larry. Thea wanted a new set of clothes. Shagaby spoke with the goblins about trading for a new set of clothing. Brible showed off an outfit a nice pair of shoes, a purple vest, purple pants, a white long sleeve shirt, and a beard ring. He explained that he received it from a cousin that traded Gnomes in Sharn for it. Brible wanted Thea's bright orange string. The two made a trade. The group decided to split their sleeping arrangments at the goblin camp for the night. Thea, Peren, and Vidi went to sleep down by the nearby river. Bumbo, Forgettable, and Shagaby stayed near the bonfire. Shagaby saw Briblebrible sneak out during the night and look at Bumbo's hand to say, "I'm glad we found someone. Good bye Red." Bumbo grabbed him. He called out about Tunnel Gnomes not getting him. Brible was shocked. Bumbo told Brible not to startle him. Brible apologized then returned to his tent. Shagaby asked if everything was alright. Bumbo said that he was fine then rolled back over to go to bed. Thea noticed an owlbear come up to them, sniff at the air, then run away.
In the morning, Brible spoke with Bubmo and apologized for last night. Bumbo said it was no problem at all. He heard a voice in his head say that it was good to be with him. Bumbo was confused. Brible said that sometimes Red would speak to him to find "The One." Bumbo was left more confused. Thea and Vidi came up from the river to tell the group about the owlbear encounter. Thea said they would like more and trade some purple string for it. The group checked themselves for growths and found none. They gathered their things to head to the Tomb of Heroes. 

After a bit of travelling the group came across a clearing. They found an 800 foot path led up a hill towards a large black door that was slightly ajar.
